When I joined, I had a couple of opportunities in front of me. I think
I originally wanted to be a crypto tech but the nuclear field was very
very exciting. They said that I had a good opportunity to go to
the Naval Academy, they said that I'd learn physics and chemistry and
thermodynamics and nuclear power, you know, very very well, they said
that it's an advanced field and people out there in the civilian
world know it. So, they gave all of these positives to join the nuclear
field and I got to admit, that actually overshadowed any other
job that I wanted to pursue. In A school, you learn, basically graduate
level nuclear work, nuclear studies. So, I'd been in college and
I went to master's courses and I got to admit, the military is actually
more intense than college, than any college that I'd been to. They
work you for eight hours per day, they give you lots of tests and
it's simple, they always say that nuclear field is as hard as a pre-calc
or I'm sorry, a pre-algebra class and that's actually true. Everything
is written down for you in easy to read explanations and so
if you could read normally as a high school student, for instance,
if you got As and Bs and maybe even Cs in high school, then this learning
is no problem for you. The difference is, you have to be willing
to do it for a long time and if you start lacking, then you need
to start doing all the homework that they tell you to do. They're not
going to let you fail. The difference is, everybody that goes through
this training, by the end, for the nuclear field at least, they
know exactly what you're going to do, how to do the nuclear training
that they've been shown and if you can't, then you have to do something
else. So, there is no opportunity for failure.